readme.md, before:

# Overview
Chorus' standard CI build (+in future release) YAML templates.

# Usage
Create a yaml build in your VSTS repo, then reference and call the template in this repo, passing in params as appropriate.

It's recommended that you target the template from a specific tag, so that you're not automatically updated to the latest (potentially breaking) changes.

You can see a summary of releases [here](releases.md).

## Creating Your Build
Create a standard yaml build in your VSTS repo, by having a .vsts-ci.yml file at the root then populate like this:

```yaml
queue: Hosted VS2017

resources:
  repositories:
  - repository: umbraco-ci
    type: github
    endpoint: github-endpoint
    name: ChorusSolutions/chorus-umbraco-ci
    ref: refs/tags/<TAG NAME>

steps:

- template: template/umbraco-ci.yml@umbraco-ci
  parameters:
    slnPath: demo/Chorus.UmbracoCI.Demo/Chorus.UmbracoCI.Demo.sln
```

Making sure to set the slnPath appropriately. Replace <TAG NAME> with the tag in this GitHub repo you wish to target.

You also need to create a github endpoint in the VSTS project called 'github-endpoint' if there isn't one already.

You can add other steps before/after the template call as needed.
But currently the template will publish artifacts, so we may need to change it as requirements become clear.

## Gotchas
Currently, authorization for the endpoint doesn't happen very seamlessly. You'll likely get a message complaining about this when you first run your YAML build.

As documented [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/vsts-agent/blob/master/docs/preview/yamlgettingstarted-authz.md#resources) there is a workaround.
- Edit your build from the VSTS UI
- Change the default branch (in the Get sources step) to the feature branch you're trying to get the YAML build working on
- Trigger the build: this should do the authorization
- Change the default branch back (usually to develop)

## Advanced Parameters
These params are optional:

| Parameter | Example | Description |
| --------- | ------- | ----------- |
| nugetFeedGuid | '7bc11f63-3a1b-488c-8652-322b2858ce02' | Guid (or name) of the VSTS NuGet feed to pull from. Defaults to the Chorus feed |
| artifactName | 'Drop' | Name of the artifact to create |


# Why's this on GitHub?
Currently, the only way of having external templates for VSTS yaml builds is to pull them from another git repo (no packages support, annoyingly).
However, this feature only supports (at time of writing) pulling from a VSTS repo in the same project! As we have many projects, that doesn't work for Chorus, so we're hosting these on github.

# Contributing
This GitHub repo requires PR and working CI build, as for normal Chorus repos in VSTS.

## Versioning
Please ensure that if you have a new version ready for use it is tagged with a semver release number, as all dependant projects will depend on this to target a specific version (making updates opt in)

## Demo
A standard .NET project is provided as a demo...this should become an Umbraco project in future to make the demo/testing better.

Commit message:

Removed all the stuff from readme. which applies to all Chorus YAML build templates, as this has moved to 1 place. Left only stuff which is relevant to this template.

readme.md, after:

# Overview
Chorus' standard CI build (+in future release) YAML template for Umbraco websites.

# Usage
Please read the guidance on using our build templates [here](https://github.com/ChorusSolutions/chorus-yaml-ci).
Note especially the bit on targetting a specific version, not master!

You can see a summary of releases [here](releases.md).

## Creating Your Build
Call the template from your project's yml file like this:

```yaml
queue: Hosted VS2017

resources:
  repositories:
  - repository: umbraco-ci
    type: github
    endpoint: github-endpoint
    name: ChorusSolutions/chorus-umbraco-ci
    ref: refs/tags/{TAG NAME}

steps:

- template: template/umbraco-ci.yml@umbraco-ci
  parameters:
    slnPath: demo/Chorus.UmbracoCI.Demo/Chorus.UmbracoCI.Demo.sln
```

Making sure to set the slnPath appropriately. Replace {TAG NAME} with the tag in this GitHub repo you wish to target.

You can add other steps before/after the template call as needed.
But currently the template will publish artifacts, so we may need to change it as requirements become clear.

## Parameters
These params are optional:

| Parameter | Example | Description |
| --------- | ------- | ----------- |
| slnPath   | /slnFolder/MySln.sln | (Required) The path to the solution. Can use standard VSTS wildcards e.g. **\\*.sln |
| nugetFeedGuid | '7bc11f63-3a1b-488c-8652-322b2858ce02' | (Optional) Guid (or name) of the VSTS NuGet feed to pull from. Defaults to the Chorus feed |
| artifactName | 'Drop' | (Optional) Name of the artifact to create |


# Contributing
This GitHub repo requires PR and working CI build, as for normal Chorus repos in VSTS.

## Demo
A standard .NET project is provided as a demo...this should become an Umbraco project in future to make the demo/testing better.
